hi young girls children in this video
I wanted to talk about the duke of cannes by
amia or dogs yum yum yum yum that is said
mine but in Italy
many say hot yes america yes
call my mother's can in Italy
many call it change yum yum that
what is the exchange the two changes have dogs
yum yum let's call it that and this is the
set of max is a matt first in series
limited then become permanent because
they all fell in love and that's it
koch I wear and just as I told you a
matt and now it has become permanent e
only that he is so famous because he is so loved
from all the stars also kelly osbourne has
recently stated that his
favorite lipstick and then went to
then steals obviously depopulated up
youtube even in Italy has gone ruban
all all brands and is difficult to
find
i took it in america took it to
san francisco when bought this is
bought the mask the volcanic one
who tried it yet but the
programs I will say that I will be able to say and it is
this fuchsia very intense as you see
and comfortable even if it is a matt I am
here lipsticks that resist so many
hours off and stain the skin in
sense that when you eat anyway
you go to clean your lips and so on
however, not only color remains
lipsticks that disappear anyway dye
a little lips and therefore remains
several hours also because precisely tige
just the lip
there are worthy substitutes
substitutes of identical others a little less
with me I have three of the most famous
this and I know that then there is another one of
prestige which is very similar and I found
Also these two I'll show you
then this is the changing
this is the email in me be lin if this
can also this which I bought in
But america movies and Bil'in 865 fuchsia
flash and I don't know if it has arrived in Italy
right now I can only tell you about or
look for the fuchsia or flash name
look for the number 8 yes 5
I think maybe you arrived in Italian
the numbering will not, however, be the same as the name
yes, look for the made lincoln this
pack called fix and flash
the color is really the only one
what is that mach
and instead the fuchsia flash is
slightly dinho light but the color is
really another color
let's say 99.9 percent is the same
this from nyx of the series
the lipstick matt lipstick and this is it
shocking pink this is crazy and it is a lot
very similar ie almost identical unique
things that this turns slightly more
towards lilac than towards fuchsia though
if I had to wear this or this
nobody on the street would tell me but you don't
you can love me in
you have the shocking mix pink there is
colors are identical
I told you it looks like 99.9 for
one hundred are really worn once they are worn
impossible to distinguish another
always of knicks is the software map of
cream
and this is what is called addis ababa ed
it is a gloss a hue but this too is
very very similar though it is slightly
darker then candigliano miam then
let's say 98 percent
however all four are of the
same family
if you want to find one of these four
of the same thing
this is the most expensive because but that
come type 16 18 euros
something like that I do n't know why
making them always or abroad with him
clash is exactly the price in
italy this fact i don't know if it is
arrived in Italy
look for the flash fuchsia anyway
here they are cheap because they are really i
products from large retailers i
knicks products instead i know it opened
a shop in southern Italy does not know
exactly where then knicks and now is
easier to find in Italy
I know they have a facebook page where
they sell so there is a site but oh well
it is easily found on many sites
also English Europeans therefore without
customs risk so these are all
duke of candy amian I hope to have you
kept the ticket company in
useful and interesting things
caroline seems to be expecting girls
I don't give up on everything anymore
what he wears with state in the box
information as always written
everything and we'll see you at the next video
Hello
so I decided to make the
hair tutorial and the tutorial of the
makeup is a very simple trick that
however as you see it is very showy
even if it's a trick a trick